1	25-Jan-23		Steven Shirtliff	Australia	Food-others,Sovereign Wealth Fund,Venture Capital/Private Equity	Market scan	Real Pet Food Company 	"Real Pet Food Company produces food products for dogs and cats. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in North Sydney, Australia.
RPFC is also a collector of pet food brands which produces food products for dogs and cats across Australia and the UK
The company operates manufacturing facilities across the globe to produce healthy and nutritious food from natural ingredients for cats and dogs, providing sustainable products that enable owners to fulfil their pets' specific dietary requirements
RPFC has 100+ years of combined experience in pet care and manufacturing
RPFC emphasizes on 4 fundamental pillars which are People, Pets, Planet and Prosperity to create a safe and sustainable environment
Founded in 1994 and based in Sydney, NSW, Australia"	FY20	 500.0 		US$667 million (2017) 	"Owners of the Real Pet Food Company have started discussing exit options after the AUD1 billion (c.US$667 million) acquisition of the Australia-based pet food company in 2017 from Quadrant Private Equity.
The exit options include an initial public offering of the world's largest manufacturer of chilled and fresh pet food.

The Real Pet Food Company would have a market capitalisation of more than AUD 1 billion, if the company goes public.

The owners of the company include New Hope Group, a private agriculture company in China, Singapore-based investment firm Temasek, and Hosen Capital, a Chinese private equity firm.

Hired consulting firm McKinsey for a strategic review .

Notable shareholder: Genbridge Capital"	"Current owners are exploring a potential divestment
Apr 22: RPFC acquired a majority stake in pet supplements start-up, People for Pets which has developed a range of Australian-made, plant-based, medicinal water treats under the brand “Nectar of the Dog
Sep 19: Completed US$322.0m of debt refinancing round with Global Loan Agency Services.
Nov 17: New Hope Group (China), Hosen Capital, Temasek Holdings, GenBridge Capital, China Investment Corporation and other investors invested a 100% stake in RPFC for US$781.2m.
May 15: The company was acquired by Quadrant Private Equity through an LBO, with an investment of US$320.6min the company.

Real Petfood Company, an Australia-based pet-food manufacturer, could soon be put up for sale, The Australian reported on 20 July.
According to the report in the paper’s Dataroom column, sources said that some of the company’s investors are thought to be eager for an exit, although others are keen to remain owners.
Source- https://www.mergermarket.com/intelligence/view/intelcms-9vdvnp

Ziwi Peak, a private New Zealand-based pet food business, is said to be in talks with potential buyers. Real Pet Food Company is named potential trade buyers for the business. 
Source- https://www.mergermarket.com/intelligence/view/intelcms-twfc6z

Owners of The Real Pet Food Company have started discussing exit options after the AU$1 billion (c.US$667 million) acquisition of the Australia-based pet food company in 2017 from Quadrant Private Equity.

The exit options include an initial public offering of the world's largest manufacturer of chilled and fresh pet food.

The Real Pet Food Company would have a market capitalisation of more than AU$1 billion if the company goes public.

The owners of the company include New Hope Group, a private agriculture company in China, Singapore-based investment firm Temasek, and Hosen Capital, a Chinese private equity firm.

Hired consulting firm McKinsey for a strategic review .

Notable shareholder: Genbridge Capital"	5-Oct-20	"25 January 2023, Our RS team are helping lenders look into that business. Steven will look into this further

2 Septemer 2022, this is being marketed now.
It will be 100% stake (subject to mgmt. rollover).  The business was acquired by its current owners c. 5 years ago, and is widely expected to come to market at some stage soon.  Size would be c. $2b.
We are in discussions with a couple of parties about possible buy side support if/when it comes to market. 

Steve Shirtliff did the Due Diligence on this previously. We have done some PPA work as well. Expansion overseas is one of their key strategies. The company see IPO as the next step. KPMG Australia are meeting with the CFO in early March where we are taking along 2 local IPO specialists.

We meet regularly with Hosen Capital, one of the three owners of the business. 

Funding activity:
Oct '17 - Buyout - AU$1,000 million (US$666.4 million) - Hosen Capital, New Hope Group and Temasek Holdings 
May '15 - Buyout - AU$410 million (US$273.2 million) - Quadrant Private Equity"		Steven Shirtliff, sshirtliff@kpmg.com.au	NA	ASPAC		Australia and New Zealand	Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited , New Hope Group Co., Ltd. , Beijing Hosen Investment Management, LLP , Genbridge Capital	Long-term pursuit	Consumer & Retail	 100 	674.0	Reported post-IPO market capitalization	https://realpetfoodco.com.au/